[MUSIC]
>> Student: I'm a little confused, then,
what we're passing into
the webpack config.env part.
>> Kent C Dodds: Yeah, okay.
>> Student: You actually said that,
I mean.
>> Kent C Dodds: Yeah, yeah.
>> Student: It's a property, right?
>> Kent C Dodds: It will be an object.
Because if you look at the [CROSSTALK].
>> Student: It's not something that's
set in the package.JSON script, though.
>> Kent C Dodds: No, it's not.
>> Student: Okay.
>> Kent C Dodds: Yep, in this scenario,
we're just calling our webpack
config module the same way
that webpack is calling it.
>> Kent C Dodds: So if anybody needs
to cheat a little bit, that's that.
And again, if you have the slides up,
you can go look at the get diff
to kind of give you an answer or
to just look at it really for a quick
second, just for what you're looking for.
>> Kent C Dodds: Let me give you a quick
tip on the preprocessors thing, too.
So you could create a variable up
here called preprocessors, and
that's an object, and then you'd say okay,
preprocessors is preprocessors.
[COUGH] Well, yeah, and
then because the key needs to be a glob,
it looks like you would
need to look like this,
you could just put it
right here like this.
Well, it is kind of like going
a little bit too far, but
if you want to make it a variable,
you could say fileGlob, and
then you can use that in
both of these places here.
>> Kent C Dodds: There, and
then that'll be preprocessors,
whatever you put in there.
And then with ES6, if you're running Node
6, then you can just say fileGlob here.
>> Kent C Dodds: And also with the ES6,
you don't need to do that either,
it's pretty fun.
>> Kent C Dodds: Yeah?
>> Henry: There's a question,
Karma should require only common js
module to get through the require method.
Why does it need the webpackConfig?
>> Kent C Dodds: So
I'm not 100% clear on the question, so
Henry, are you asking about whether like
the browser needs to require
the common js modules?
Because what we're doing here
is we're enabling the browser to
require our modules.
And our modules do need
to run through webpack,
because webpack will take care
of transpiling with babel.
Webpack will take care of resolving CSS
modules and all those kinds of things.
So that's that's why we need to provide
Karma with the webpackConfig so
that the webpack Karma plugin can
resolve those those modules with
those loaders that we specified
in those kinds of things.
Does that answer your question,
Henry, hopefully?
Okay.
Does anybody have it loading?
Yeah?
Sweet, the champion of the day.
>> Kent C Dodds: Anybody still just kind
of hoping that I'll give you the answer
here in a second?
[LAUGH] Okay, I think I'll run through
the answer now, and then we can break for
lunch.
Yeah, sure.
So Scott asks, does the value of
the preprocessors glob is a string,
does it refer directly to the Karma
config key of the same name?
Or is webpack as a preprocessor a thing
that knows to look for the webpack key,
good question.
So yeah,
the value of this is going to be webpack.
If you didn't catch that yet,
that corresponds to
the plugin that we're using.
So if you go back to your package JSON,
you'll have karma-webpack right there,
so Karma is gonna say, okay, you've
specified a preprocessor called webpack.
I'm gonna look up
the karma-webpack plugin.
And then say hey,
karma-webpack,, do something.
That's all that karma does.
And then that plugin does something.
And what it does is it looks in the
configuration for the webpack property,
just like Scott suggested.
So yeah, I think we got that we
can say webpack is webpackConfig,
and with that,
we should be able to run our tests.
>> Kent C Dodds: Okay, sweet,
so we'll go ahead and run it.
>> Kent C Dodds: And it passed, yay.
[LAUGH]
>> Kent C Dodds: So
in the actual solution in the repo,
what I do instead is I inline this,
so this is like this.
>> Kent C Dodds: But yeah, same idea.
>> Kent C Dodds: Actually, I think I
create a variable out of this too, but